No wonder no wonder
His hands are so fast that they rock like cows.
He is emma
It all hurts
Emma was born in Ronaldo 5 years ago
First shot
Just cure
Cases judged incurable internationally
This is the first case to be cured
Debut is the peak that people look up to
In the past five years
During his time in the world's leading medicine
Published countless papers
To know that you can pass this exam
Blame this paper
It's already a top track
Published more than 30 articles
It has benefited countless handsome people a lot
That is the world's
Artists are scolded as if they were gods
It turned out to be from our country
Could it be just a coincidence?
They are just the same age and surname
Are you stupid?
In his miraculous way
Isn't it enough for us to look up?
That Dr. Wang
We were just taunting him
I was rude to Emma just now
What do you mean, Phantom Medicine has come to our hospital in person?
You're disrespectful to him
Dean, I really got into trouble this time
What to do now
We have a saying together, it is better to provoke the king of hell than to provoke and be scolded
Don't you know?
Let's not talk about the fans who take the scolded to the sky
Just those dignitaries who were scolded and rescued
Just enough for you to drink once
Willing to save me quickly
Help me
This
Explain to those brats who know the situation day by day
Make sure to keep Emma's identity a secret
Wei Guo has encrypted his files
If we know Emma's true identity
Hmph, our hospital checked my hospital.
Yes wait
I'm going to prepare some generous gifts
Apologize in person with you